Title: Build a Scalable Content Moderation Strategy using AI Automation
URL: https://www.clarifai.com/customers/opentable

Content:
New
Clarifai is recognized as a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Computer Vision Tools, Q1 2024
Read the report
Contact us
Join the Discord
Restaurant reservation company
Build a Scalable Content Moderation Strategy using AI Automation
How OpenTable used Clarifai’s platform and custom computer vision models to support their business.
Background
OpenTable, a restaurant reservation company, offers user generated images and reviews of restaurants on their website. They offer a look into what a dining experience is like at user reviewed restaurants. They expect all of the content to be relevant and appealing in order to entice future diners to book a reservation. This supports an authentic experience that consumers have come to expect.
Information
Use Case
Content moderation
Industry
Services
Client
Restaurant reservation company
Details
Challenge
Before using Clarifai, OpenTable could moderate only 300 images per day because they had one person manually reviewing user generated content. The moderator's job was to make sure there wasn't anything inappropriate in the photos. After reviewing, the images were organized into categories like "pictures of the restaurant itself," "pictures of the food," "pictures of the wait-staff," "pictures of the guests," etc.
Because of the sheer volume of images posted, many images could not be reviewed and inappropriate images were inadvertently posted which negatively impacted the company’s reputation and brand. The lack of a scalable content moderation strategy prevented them from pursuing their goal of ingesting photos from Instagram onto their website to increase the amount of user generated reviews.
Solution
Before spending money on hiring additional human moderators, OpenTable turned to Clarifai to leverage the capabilities of its AI lifecycle platform,
content moderation
, and custom models in order to curate their restaurant photos appropriately. Clarifai helped them build custom trained models with concepts that encompassed all of the types of pictures users could submit from their restaurant experience. After the models were trained, OpenTable was able to plug into a
Clarifai API
, so their moderation team could use the Clarifai platform to review predictions. OpenTable was able to train its models in about 14 days before using the Clarifai platform for its predictive capabilities.
Results
16x improvement of operational efficiency and moderator productivity
Increased images moderated from 300 to 5,000 per day per moderator
Mitigated legal concerns over unwanted content and copyright infringements
Ready to get started?
Whether you're a start-up or a Fortune 500, contact us to discuss how to enrich your data with AI assisted labeling to annotate datasets accurately, quickly and affordably.
Learn more about Clarifai
Schedule a demo
Discuss your solutions options
Already a customer?
If you are encountering a technical or payment issue, the customer support team will be happy to assist you.
Contact support >
© 2023 Clarifai, Inc.
Terms of Service
Content Takedown
Privacy Policy
CONTACT
sales@clarifai.com
marketing@clarifai.com
government@clarifai.com
Platform
Overview
AI Lake
Scribe Label
Spacetime Search
Enlight Train
Mesh Workflows
Flare Edge
UI Modules
New
Computer Vision
Foundation Models
Generative AI
NLP
Solutions
By Industry
Government
Manufacturing
Media and Entertainment
Retail and E-Commerce
Transportation
By Use Case
Content Moderation
Digital Asset Management
Intelligence, Surveillance
Product Discovery
Visual Inspection
Community
Explore
Image Models
Text Models
Audio Models
Workflows
COMPANY
About
Careers
We’re hiring!
Customers
Events
Partners
Press
Tech Awards
Resources
API Status
Blog
Docs
Resource Library
Discord
YouTube
Pricing
CONTACT
sales@clarifai.com
marketing@clarifai.com
government@clarifai.com
© 2023 Clarifai, Inc.
Terms of Service
Content Takedown
Privacy Policy