Title: Improve Content Moderation Accuracy with AI
URL: https://www.clarifai.com/customers/9gag

Content:
New
Clarifai is recognized as a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Computer Vision Tools, Q1 2024
Read the report
Contact us
Join the Discord
media and entertainment social media company
Improve Content Moderation Accuracy with AI
How 9GAG turned to Clarifai to protect their 150 million user community.
Background
9GAG is a Hong Kong-based entertainment platform and social media website, which allows its users to upload and share "user-generated content" or other content from external social media websites. It is the 6th most-followed brand on Instagram worldwide and has a total audience of 150 million people. As one of the top 300 global websites, 9GAG is constantly being updated with thousands of new user-generated media on a daily basis.
Information
Use Case
Content moderation
Industry
Media and entertainment
Client
9GAG
Details
Challenge
Co-Founder and VP of Product, Chris Chan, knew that moderation was a foundation of a successful community. Although most people shared interesting and funny posts on 9GAG, some would try to post spam, inappropriate, or sexually explicit content. In order to protect users, the team of four moderators would manually review every post that was uploaded to the platform; a task which Chris admits was “a routine and often unpleasant job.”
However, the platform was experiencing exponential growth and the sheer volume of content to be reviewed was becoming unmanageable. Chris and the team were keen to find a way to automate community moderation and thought that AI might provide them with a scalable, efficient solution that would support them as they continued to grow.
Solution
The 9GAG team searched Hacker News and asked their network to recommend computer vision and AI solution platform providers. They created a shortlist and proceeded to compare and test the tools offered by these providers. During the testing phase, it became clear that Clarifai offered the best
content moderation solution
. Chris was particularly impressed by Clarifai’s ability to separate
NSFW
“explicit nudity” from “suggestive nudity” with a level of accuracy unmatched by Amazon and Google.
Results
Thanks to Clarifai's
pre-trained moderation models
, it took one developer just four weeks to integrate AI to the 9GAG content moderation process (a feat which Chris says “is pretty impressive”). Now, Clarifai’s intelligent
moderation model
checks over 20,000 pieces of user-generated content on 9GAG for gore, drugs, explicit, and suggestive nudity every day at a level of 95% accuracy compared to human review.
Since implementing Clarifai's computer vision platform, 9GAG has reduced the hours spent moderating the platform for inappropriate content by over 90%. This has enabled the team to reinvest time in more impactful work, such as supporting the growing community.
90%
Reduction in moderation hours; saving 145 hours per week
95%
Improvement in accurately detecting unwanted content
20K
User generated images moderated daily
We compared several services including Google Cloud Vision, Amazon and Clarifai. We found that Clarifai is the most flexible, accurate, efficient solution and best fits our use case.”
Chris Chan
Co-founder and VP of Product
Ready to get started?
Whether you're a start-up or a Fortune 500, contact us to discuss how to enrich your data with AI assisted labeling to annotate datasets accurately, quickly and affordably.
Learn more about Clarifai
Schedule a demo
Discuss your solutions options
Already a customer?
If you are encountering a technical or payment issue, the customer support team will be happy to assist you.
Contact support >
© 2023 Clarifai, Inc.
Terms of Service
Content Takedown
Privacy Policy
CONTACT
sales@clarifai.com
marketing@clarifai.com
government@clarifai.com
Platform
Overview
AI Lake
Scribe Label
Spacetime Search
Enlight Train
Mesh Workflows
Flare Edge
UI Modules
New
Computer Vision
Foundation Models
Generative AI
NLP
Solutions
By Industry
Government
Manufacturing
Media and Entertainment
Retail and E-Commerce
Transportation
By Use Case
Content Moderation
Digital Asset Management
Intelligence, Surveillance
Product Discovery
Visual Inspection
Community
Explore
Image Models
Text Models
Audio Models
Workflows
COMPANY
About
Careers
We’re hiring!
Customers
Events
Partners
Press
Tech Awards
Resources
API Status
Blog
Docs
Resource Library
Discord
YouTube
Pricing
CONTACT
sales@clarifai.com
marketing@clarifai.com
government@clarifai.com
© 2023 Clarifai, Inc.
Terms of Service
Content Takedown
Privacy Policy