Title: Faster UX pattern discovery & interaction design prototyping
URL: https://www.magicpatterns.com/customers/roster

Content:
Go back
Faster UX pattern discovery & interaction design prototyping
"Magic Patterns is my brainstorming partner for new concepts, component ideation —  it solves that blank page problem."
I have been having
so much fun using Magic Patterns
for rapid UX and interaction brainstorming/prototyping.
Before I built up experience and mental models around when, why, and how to deploy certain patterns, I would have to Google search — often without knowing the right terms to describe the problem. Or
I'd
have to search sites like Dribbble, Mobbin, or one of the many UX pattern repositories out there — trying to visually parse if something was solving a similar problem to the one I was designing for.
Magic Patterns bridges knowledge gaps
, accelerating the learning process and enabling designers of all experience levels to reach better solutions more quickly.
Innovations such as Magic Patterns and its screenshot-to-code feature is helping us get past the blank page problem. Tools like this are moving designers into the role of curator and design instructor, rather than simply production designer. Sometimes I feel like Magic Patterns is my intern. Definitely helping me move faster in more directions in parallel.
It's made my current workflow even faster.
Existing tools are
              great for visual design, but when it comes to pattern ideation
              that's specific to your use case - that's so much harder to find
              and
Magic Patterns gets the job done
.
Steve Witmer
Design Co-Founder
Roster
The future of work for entertainment production and crew
onroster.io
Founded
San Diego, 2023
Using Magic Patterns since
May 2024
Favorite feature
Design inspiration
Magic Patterns
All Systems Operational
Overview
Get Started
Documentation
Prompting Guide
Product
Pricing
Security
Contact Sales
Use Cases
Product
Designers
Founders
Sales
Company
Blog
Customers
Careers
Social Media
Legal
Contact
Acceptable Use
Terms
Privacy Policy
© North Park Labs 2024